So let's put it out.
Okay.
So this is very.
It's already see.
Copy the input.
Write a basic recursive approach.
Nothing else.
Then we'll see how to minimize it.
Because right now we can see that it has a data complexity.
It has a complexity.
How many states are there, i.e. goes from little to an edge, goes from and where to doing?
It's also going to go often and then B also goes from zero to individual.
So again, it's kind of NQ solution, but as we can see that the constraints are not allowed for NQ.
But yeah, we will see it literally.
What is a trick behind it will?
So.
Before.
Say, let me take.
And be as, let's say, along the way, let me define it as a bill, because we are worried about rurality
and we have to take of course it will work in the bill, but it's my habit to take longer bill as I
take long longing for it.
Eight or.
So let's have this going in and is thousand eight and let's have an article, record player.
Also.
Let's take an.
It's input.
The input.
Always to the largest take and the input.
And now what we need to do is I need to retreat from.
I was two and by two plus one and I will put this is I equals to this.
And I will go till there's an equal to it.
And so is actually the number of heads we have at eight.
If I form my answer and say initially it's zero in answer plus equals two.
MP So basically we have all the coins right now, so I'll pass zero with it.
The first argument that you're not government is i.e. there is a number of heads, what is the number
of days then if I buy you tomorrow, if it's two and minus, I is the number of it and I had to go from
and where to place when to end because we want heads to be greater than it's eight.
I will bring down the answer.
Good.
So now let's pull this DB apart.
Here we have index I.
And we have heard and we have is full be.
So a very simple we have already seen the of solution for this.
So basically if I have available.
Okay.
Let me take onset also.
If heads.
Are there, then I can make a type of.
Transition.
That means this going and getting it right because right now I had said available to me and similarly,
if they said we really want to do that, first of all, it's added on.
So plus it goes to it is EPO five plus one at current.
I've got ahead.
So it will be minus one getting a basic brute force rate.
And this and what is the probability of this the probability of getting ahead, this payoff?
I.
Well guys now let's find the probability of pants on the he goes to the P a plus one edge and is minus
one and this variety becomes 1.00 minus.
Right.
And finally, Elton.
So what is the condition now that I need to check it and, and it will automatically configure themself
and we just have waiting for the last index and if I'm on the last index it is equal to when I simply
return one.
They are the otherwise I use less than end.
That means there will be some hurt and there will be some because the cumulative sum is often due to
them.
Always.
Let's build this in check.
Also the Canadian answer.
What we have is we have 0.612.
Yes.
Dig this.
Is it a boon, Fabius?
What does it say?
You have to print it in the accuracy of time to depart.
Nine eight.
Before that word we use is we use said present it so out.
Season and it's in 915.
It doesn't matter.
It should be 69 and fix the preseason.
So we have this great.
And.
Yeah.
Okay, now let's move on to the next one.
Let me check for something big.
We are getting the correct answer or not.
It is 3821813821815728.
There shouldn't be a issue.
It's a basic negative relation.
Nothing out of all the available coins.
I want these many years in these mountains.
So if I were making ahead, this is a transition.
If I'm making a trail, this is a transition.
But this is a world.
But I want to memorize it.
What I have to do is I have to take a 3D tape of my musician.
It means it should be three dimensional.
Hey.
And, and and but guys, we don't have this.
This kind of memory and this kind of paint.
Eight Here comes a new, not a new basic approach of independent variables.
Eight So what are the independent variables?
What are the independent arguments in these?
We have three arguments, which is a edge.
And B what we can do is we can say that these three are related well in the equation.
We can relate to what?
What it means is that if I don't want to d I can remove it by because d can be then like the domain
explicitly.
Like instead of passing d we can do the minded explicitly by because.
But what we say is that simplicity is equals to win rate and.
I what is I isn't.
So I0 an edge has to be whatever is provided and then d will be n minus edge eight.
If I goes to one, that means edge plus d will always be equals to n minus.
Explicitly will be equal to N minus.
That's the religion.
Eight.
Why?
Because let's say I made a heads on the first thing, then as would become H minus one and T will remain
as it is.
We can see that if explicitly, then minus identities equals two and minus eight plus and minus a minus
edge.
What does this mean?
Then I can simply reduce this to remove it from here.
And we can.
We can say that he is equals to n minus I'm minus at eight.
So I don't have to pass, you know, because I'm explicitly finding it in the.
Function definition itself because it is now a dependent variable.
Similarly, we can make error dependent variable according to this relation.
Here I will be equal to n, minus edge minus t.
Similarly, we can make edges.
A dependent variable in the edges are dependent variable that is n minus amnesty.
So these three are dependent on each other.
So basically we can have two independent variables and we can simply derive that ah variable by using
the two other variables.
Eight.
So here I simply remove this third part.
Well, let's build this again.
Yeah.
So we're getting the same solution.
So now we can easily see that I don't need a EDP.
I just needed to it.
Right, because we have only two independent variables.
Okay, so some of you might be thinking that we shouldn't have it easy to write.
It should have been written there only, and then we would have just more moist air in it.
Yes, that's also correct.
But what is it?
What does this mean?
Now I would memorize it by using iiNet only.
But yes we can posti doesn't count.
Right.
Because recursive stacks have been called that many times only.
So instead of erasing D, we can simply not memorize using t.
Eight.
Yeah, but really just memories using an image here.
Well, let me go back and let's have tea with you.
I have tea, but it's what I want to show you, that I'm passing it as a variable for my sake of understanding
and so that I can write a better code what I want.
Memories using it.
So it will be an age only.
So if answer is not equal to minus one.
So I have to be adaptable.
I simply return.
And so the way that it sounds, that is.
Zero.
Well, yeah, it should work.
And before this, let's say to memo to minus one.
So the we face certain issues gays because.
And I think it should be 3001 because you can have those many.
So in the previous issues, let me give you a very good example.
What are the issues that we face in the world?
But it's minus one point.
So they say, let's admit this and then we'll move on to that part.
Okay.
This place.
I think it should work.
It left me some frantic.
There might be some error.
Well, no errors.
We got an acceptable solution.
That's fine.
They know.
We know how to write a solution to say the normal equation.
Memories will.
And what I appreciate the transitions we have.
Take the options that we have, basically.
So I was giving an example here.
So the example is very simple.
That.
But okay.
Let me see if this first.
It's.
Points.
Yeah.
Uh.
Who knew?
But what I'll do is I'll simply say 0.1 plus 0.2 is equal to 0.3 or naught.
It should return e well.
It's.
Nautical.
Rates of autism say it is not equal, but is.
It's Matt, right?
In 0.1, 0.8 equals 40.0.
Do you do these calculations due to these errors?
Actually, there's a way of storing numbers.
If you want to read about it, you can.
But let me like start briefly explain you.
Despite it, you do these errors we don't use.
Floating point.
We don't use floating doubles in monetary calculations.
We use strings aid just because of these small errors because of storage.
0.1 is not 0.1.
If you take a variable and print 0.1 until like 50 or 60 or 100 length, you will see there is not 0.10000.
There are some certain characters after it.
Right.
So.
Ay ay ay ay basically up.
Plug a backdoor in this eight.
Oh, yeah.
That's what I wanted to explain.
I hope you understood this Queens problem.
A very easy problem.
Not a big deal now, because now we know what we need to do.
We just have to start with the recursion.
Okay, I want this number of eight, so I want this number of deals.
But so for this going, I have this option.
For this one of these options, there are these many states.
This memories are ended and back.
Well.
That's it.
And you've seen the next.